Amend the message for 5013 (#4018)
sorbet/sorbet: website/docs/error-reference.md

For how to fix, see [Type Annotations](type-annotations.md).

> If your intent was not to declare the type of the instance variable but to check
> the type of the value being assigned to it, you can assign to an intermediate
> variable to avoid this error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To instead use `T.cast` as a runtime-only type check (that is, neither as a
statically-checked assertion nor as an instance variable declaration), assign
the cast result to an intermediate variable:
```
